Heat. Heat. He's got Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Uh welcome to this special press conference on operation Synindu. We will begin with opening statement by the three senior officers to my right here who have been directly overseeing operations during operation Synindur. We have left General Rajiv Bhai, Director General Military Operations who will cover the aspects related to land domain. Air Marshal AK Bharti. To his right, Director General Air Operations will provide insights on the air domain. And to my right is Vice Admiral Aan Prem, Director General, Naval Operations, who will cover aspects on maritime BION. Following their briefings, we will move on to the question answer session. I now request the DGMO to commence the opening brief. Thank you Sundep. A very good evening to all of you ladies and gentlemen. You are all by now familiar with the brutality and the dastardly manner in which 26 innocent lives were prematurely terminated at Pelgam on the 22nd of April. When you combine those horrific scenes and the pain of the families that the nation witnessed nation witnessed with numerous other recent terrorist strikes on our armed forces and defenseless civilians, we knew that the time had arrived to make yet another compelling statement of our resolve as a nation. Operation Synindur was conceptualized with a clear military aim to punish the perpetrators and planners of terror and to destroy their terror infrastructure. What I do not state here of course is the often stated determination of India and its intolerance to terror. It set into motion a very diligent and microscopic scarring of the terror landscape across the borders and the identification of terror camps and training sites. The locations that emerged were numerous. But as we deliberated more, we realized that some of these terror hubs were now bereff of any presence. and had preemptively been vacated, fearing retribution from us. There was also a term of reference and our own binding self-imposed restriction to target only terrorists and thus prevent collateral damage. There were nine camps that you are now all familiar with which were confirmed by our various intelligence agencies to be inhabited. Some of these were in PJK while there were others that were located in the Punjab province in Pakistan. Nefarious places such as Muritk, the hub's hub center of the Lashkar Taiba has over the years bred infamous characters such as Ajmal Kasab and the likes of David Hedley. What followed was a careful scrutiny of each of these sinister locations, their layout, configuration, even the type of construction in each structure and the terrain obtained around these. This was with an obvious intent to deduce and identify the exact vector that was required for their neutralization as also the eyes in the sky that we would send up to ensure that we brought back evidence that we had indeed targeted what we set out to. The precise images of these engagements on that fateful and historical night have already been showcased during the first press statement on the 7th of May that was helmed by our foreign secretary.